	For my mobile website review, I decided to look at Channelfireball.com. Overall, I think it does a fairly good job with making things convenient for the user while still retaining the general theme and layout of the regular site. I’ve used this website to look at trading cards on several occasions, and it is a lot more convenient than other competing sites. They prioritize the things that mobile users would want to see and make those the most available. The website’s main purpose is to buy and sell trading cards, so I think it was a great idea to have large buttons that take you to those parts of the site right at the top of the homepage. The secondary function of this website is to have articles and videos relating to the card game, which they placed below the large buttons. There is also a pull-down navigation menu at the very top of the page near the website logo/home button, which makes things very convenient. The way this website is set up makes it very easy to navigate. They also did a good job compressing the width of the page to a mobile size. H1 tags can be a bit large, but everything conveniently fits within the width of my iPhone with little to no horizontal scrolling required.       New users may be a little confused at first, not knowing what the site’s purpose is right away, but I think that most mobile users will be those already familiar with the site’s purpose. I think that the website would be most convenient for me if the homepage had store content rather than articles, because that’s what I use the website for, but I suppose their articles look friendlier and more inviting. Other users may also be more interested in the articles than I am. The articles also help to advertise their services, keep people interested, and show that they themselves are also interested in the game.       Going to the store page changes the website layout to be very minimalistic and straightforward. It looks a bit boring, with no images or stylized text, but it seems to prioritize convenience over aesthetics. All of the options are laid out right in front of you in a simple list, making it easy to browse and find what cards you’re looking for. That being said, they could probably put some effort into making it look as good as the homepage without losing any of the convenience. In summary, they put a huge focus on making the website convenient and usable and their homepage looks very nice, but they could make their store pages more aesthetically pleasing. 