      It didn’t take long for me to realize that chartbeat.com’s main page is the image that I’ve been seeing for each lesson of this class. I suppose that that says something about how iconic and recognizable interesting web design can be, and how important it is for a website. I really like the name Chartbeat as well, because they offer things to monitor the ‘heartbeat’ of people’s use of your website. The website does a good job of demonstrating what their service does. Various elements on the page show how far you’ve scrolled down, how long you’ve been on the page, and whether you’re idle on the page or not. Buttons are placed to scroll you through the sections of the main page, making it seem more like they’re presenting it to you rather than having you look through it by yourself. Elements move around the page as you scroll as well, which encourages people to scroll down the page. 	I found this website to be a little confusing at first, and I’m still not entirely sure I’ve figured it all out. I think that their target audience is people who would understand and need to use these statistics though, so maybe it isn’t such a bad thing for them. The main page is very simple and straightforward, but it leaves out a lot of descriptiveness for people who aren’t already at least somewhat familiar. The “who we are” section as well as a lot of the other descriptive sections are all at the bottom of the main page. They push their free trial at you a lot throughout the page and the demo page is somewhat overwhelming for someone without experience. This website make me think that this service could provide a lot of very useful information though, which is likely one of their main goals. I think that some of the information on the demo pages could stand out more. It used a lot of white and very faint blues, greys, and purples. It was also somewhat cluttered. I think if they had more criteria for sorting them then each page could have more breathing room or room for more descriptive text. Despite these minor issues, I found this website to be really fun and engaging, as well as very useful to anyone who wants to make an engaging website.